Add new resource `random_bytes` to generate an array of random bytes (#272)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-random: CHANGELOG.md

> ## Upcoming
> 
> NEW FEATURES:
> 
> * `random_bytes` generates an array of random bytes that is intended to be used as key or secret ([#63](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-random/issues/63))
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 3.5.0 (unreleased)

NEW FEATURES:

* resource/random_bytes: Generates an array of random bytes that is intended to be used as key or secret ([#272](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-random/pull/272))

```

> ## 3.5.0 (unreleased)
> 
> NEW FEATURES:
> 
> * `random_bytes` generates an array of random bytes that is intended to be used as key or secret ([#63](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-random/issues/63))
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

We have recently switched to using [Changie](https://changie.dev/) for changelog and version management.

Could you remove this entry from CHANGELOG.md and once Changie is [installed](https://changie.dev/guide/installation/) run the following:

```shell
changie new
? Kind: Features
Body: resource/random_bytes: New resource that generates an array of random bytes intended to be used as key or secret ([#63](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-random/issues/63)).
Issue/PR Number: 272
```
